h"The most important thing is to enjoy your life-to be happy. It's all that matters." - Audrey Hepburn
h"Count your age by friends, not years. Count your life by smiles, not tears." - John Lennon
h"Every day is a new day." - Carrie Underwood
h"Let us be grateful to the people who make us happy; they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom." - Marcel Proust
h"Be happy with what you have. Be excited about what you want." - Alan Cohen
h"If you want to be happy, be." - Leo Tolstoy
h"The only thing that will make you happy is being happy with who you are, and not who people think you are." - Goldie Hawn
h"Happiness comes in waves. It'll find you again"
r"The more reflective you are, the more effective you are" - Pete Hall
r"Everything in your life is a reflection of a choice you have made. If you want a different result, make a different choice." - a Wise Human
r"Time spent in self-reflection is never wasted-it is an intimate date with yourself" - Paul TP Wong
r"Reflective thinking turns experience into insight" - Paul C. Maxwell
r"Without deep reflection, one knows from daily life that one exists for other people." - Albert Einstein
c"To err is human, but to real foul things up you need a computer." - Paul R. Ehrlich
c"Computer Science is a science of abstraction - creating the right model for a problem and devising the appropriate mechanizable techniques to solve it." - Alfred Aho
c"Computer Science is no more about computers than astronomy is about telescopes." - Edsger Dijkstra (This one is really good!)
c"Computer Science is the operating system for all innovation" - Steve Ballmer
c"People think that computer science is the art of geniuses but the actual reality is the opposite, just many people doing things that build on each other, like a wall of mini stones." - Donald Knuth
m"Mathematics is not about numbers, equations, computations, or algorithms: it is about UNDERSTANDING." - William Paul Thurston
m"Pure Mathematics is, in its own way, the poetry of logical ideas." - Albert Einstein
m"Math is the only place where truth and beauty mean the same thing." - Danica McKellar
m"Math is the language of the universe. So the more equations you know, the more you can converse with the cosmos." - Neil deGrasse Tyson
m"'Obvious' is the most dangerous word in mathematics." - E.T. Bell
w"Live your life, your dream, and your finest." - William :)
w"Operating Systems class makes me happy." - William :)
w"Sometimes, debugging is self-care." - William :)
w"Beethoven is a serious reason to wake up in the morning." - William :)
w"Rain = Growth." - William :) (I wrote this while it was raining)
w"My comprehensive life plan is to be better today than I was yesterday, and better tomorrow than I am today." - William :)